This Grocery-Tracking project reads from a txt file which contains the text records of grocery items purchased in a chronological order, counts each item the number of times it appears in the input file, stores the data in a map container with items as keys and its frequencies as values, and writes to a new file with the item name paired with its counted frequency for the backing up accumulated data. The program then displays the menu with four options for the user to choose from as follows.
The first option asks the user to input a specific item name and outputs that item name with its frequency. 	
The second option prints all the items paired with its frequencies. 
The third option prints all the items and its frequencies printed as number of asterisks times the frequency read from the file. 
The fourth option lets the user to exist the program.
User input validations and run-time errors handlers are added throughout the program to anticipate, detect, and respond to user errors and run-time errors.
    
I did particularly well in building a function which iterates to read the contents of a file with input validation and storing it into the map container, writing to a new file, building the functions with loops to print the items and its frequencies, and again printing the items in the form of histogram. I could make my program more object oriented so that it can be used when expanded in the future. The most challenging piece of code was to write the nested for loop to print frequency of item times the asterisk. To overcome the challenge, I used the iterator member functions such as begin(), and end() while pointing towards the first and second values of map class within the C++ Standard Template Library (STL). I will be adding C++ Standard Template Library (STL) as one of the important tools and resources to my support network. 

The skills I gained while building this project such as reading, manipulating, and writing the contents of the of file, use of the classes and functions of the build-in libraries of programming languages, validating the user inputs using built in functions inside a loop, and catching run time error using exception handlers. In this program, I have used each function to do a certain specific task such as a function only to read from a file and a function only to write from a file so that the function can be used specifically in different environments and can be called from anywhere within the program according to the need. I have followed industry standard best practices such as in-line comments and appropriate naming conventions to make it maintainable, readable, and adaptable.

